@W-10729767@ - Add journey-builder global template (#40)
evergage/evergage-global-templates: journey-builder/README.md

### Journey Builder

> This is a Server Global Template. When used in a Trigger Campaign it reutnrs Trigger_Type and depending on the trigger type, it also can include Trigger_Segment, Trigger_Action, and Trigger_Catalog_Items fields along with other information chosen by the Campaign Developer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When used in a Trigger Campaign, this Server-Side global template returns a Trigger_Type field. Depending on the trigger type, it also can include Trigger_Segment, Trigger_Action, and Trigger_Catalog_Items fields along with other information chosen by the Campaign Developer.
```
